Initial removeWhere.md for dart (#4358)
Codecademy/docs: content/dart/concepts/list/terms/removeWhere/removeWhere.md

---
Title: '.removeWhere()'
Description: 'Removes values in a list that meet a given condition.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Lists'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-dart'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **.removeWhere()** method removes elements from a list, based on a given condition that is provided as an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The **.removeWhere()** method removes elements from a list, based on a given condition that is provided as an argument.
```

## Syntax

> ```pseudo

Reviewer: Give one line space before and after a heading/code block/meta data.

void removeWhere(bool Function(E element) test)
```

> 

Reviewer: Describe the parameter function `test` below the syntax block.

The '.removeWhere()' method takes in a `bool` function as an argument, where the function defines the condition. Values in the list are removed if the condition evaluates to 'true'.
## Example

> 

Reviewer: Add the description of the example in one line below the `Example` heading.

```dart
void main(){

List<int> numbers = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10];

numbers.removeWhere((int number) => number % 2 ==0);

print(numbers); // Output: [2,4,6,8,10]
}

> 

Reviewer: Close the code block with closing ticks and add the output inside a ` ```shell `.

---
Title: '.removeWhere()'
Description: 'Removes values in a list that meet a given condition.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Lists'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-dart'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **.removeWhere()** method removes elements from a list, based on a given condition that is provided as an argument.

## Syntax

```pseudo
void removeWhere(bool Function(E element) test)
```

> The .removeWhere() method takes in a `bool` function as an argument, referred to as the `test` parameter, which defines the condition for removal. Values in the list are removed if they satisfy this condition, meaning if the `test` function evaluates to `true` for those values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `test`: This function defines the condition for removal. Values in the list are removed if they satisfy this condition, meaning if the `test` function evaluates to `true` for those values.
```

---
Title: '.removeWhere()'
Description: 'Removes values in a list that meet the given condition.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Lists'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-dart'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.removeWhere()`** method removes elements from a list, based on a given condition that is provided as an argument.

## Syntax

```pseudo

> void removeWhere(bool Function(E element) test)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
void removeWhere(bool Function(E element))
```

```

> - `test`: This function defines the condition for removal. Values in the list are removed if they satisfy this condition, meaning if the `test` function evaluates to `true` for those values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Function(E element)`: It defines the condition for removal. If the function evaluates to `true` for a value in the list, then the value is removed from the list.
```

---
Title: '.removeWhere()'
Description: 'Removes values in a list that meet the given condition.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Lists'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-dart'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.removeWhere()`** method removes elements from a list, based on a given condition that is provided as an argument.

## Syntax

```pseudo
void removeWhere(bool Function(E element) test)
```

- `test`: This function defines the condition for removal. Values in the list are removed if they satisfy this condition, meaning if the `test` function evaluates to `true` for those values.

## Example

This example demonstrates using `.removeWhere()` to remove even numbers from a list, resulting in a list of odd numbers.

```dart
void main() {
  List<int> numbers = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10];
  numbers.removeWhere((int number) => number % 2 ==0);
  print(numbers);
}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
Title: '.removeWhere()'
Description: 'Removes values in a list that meet the given condition.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Lists'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-dart'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.removeWhere()`** method removes elements from a list, based on a given condition that is provided as an argument.

## Syntax

```pseudo
void removeWhere(bool Function(E element) test)
```

> - `test`: This function defines the condition for removal. Values in the list are removed if they satisfy this condition, meaning if the `test` function evaluates to `true` for those values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `test`: This function defines the condition for removal. Values in the list are removed if they satisfy this condition, meaning if the `test` function evaluates to `true` for those values.
```

## Example

This example demonstrates using `.removeWhere()` to remove even numbers from a list, resulting in a list of odd numbers.

```dart
void main(){

List<int> numbers = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10];

numbers.removeWhere((int number) => number % 2 ==0);

print(numbers);
}
```

> The above code will produce the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above code will return the following output:
```
